I wanna do is finish it can I jump I
should have jumped over that the whole
frickin time no I ain't Bishop it had to
be a pretty baller I dead center I would
embarrass you guys in the face but know
this whole time I could just stop how
about me to say is it speechless right
now I don't have time for that box I've
really died Dibble we didn't get this
get this last level done it over West
because on I need to fight engine yeah
nobody just be a plot their the Royal
are lots of christ medical affairs for
our craftsmen too fancy on the Nobel
what I'm talking about engine best up
sire tested on a missile sticky out of
his hair I am dead serious about that
mess let's just stick it out with way
out I don't know how and roles will date
that guy will be up there but first I
never says it isn't really that big well
Vanessa you gotta see this is the city
seals I saw something se I think robust
on this level oh please I I can handle
any more this level helper almost died
down over there we did our bosses get
belly flop yeah over there got all three
jobs yeah so let's talking to us yeah
who cares that'll that go it up your
guys see what engine is pull that know
what terrorists I just shut up all i
said about you is a-okay out ahead to my
cello started I had to put my head now
play this David such a long time
that is hello they had two engines in
them well remember what that is sir oh
that's weird adenosine Marple through
their castle maybe I should be yeah
shoot the open areas like that
oh yeah it's all coming back to me now
it has 2 45 different parts you gotta
kill two tourists pause to other
shoulders and 127
yeah blow up BAM 42 st. your fist at me
I just told you round 2 i'm way the
smackdown idea deleted me if I taught at
rock bottom you right now hit giving a
little stokehold starter it would be
moving
but though I does my waffle fruit at
your arm I just added it all trade
resist our shoot vessels at us nowhere
to go boo that did scare me at all you
been interred I see a flawed your little
pattern of this or watching and I will
swipe that as your business you're gonna
die now yeahh two more hits you're gone
it's what I'd actually mess up you're
dead you are history I know what you
doing them I do you store would sneak
attacks there who rap what you doing
though I were to do we're gonna do oh my
gosh oh do you know scare me you don't
scare me though oh my gosh now wait a
what a day ready go where do I oh she's
going out with my platforms hey
Ethel if I die already yeah yeah dancer
Astaire stash from scratch shut up n
up there since red balloon slow
down ah yeah oh they're desperate broad
uh who started was I'll shut up already
cool what's your problem big o mother
floor I don't care we're at our last
world everybody it I sold so concludes
the world for up my crash bandicoot 2 LP
LP and my debt apologize should be that
be you know so it soon as you ask about
time Stan about good but anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed and I hope I catch the
ball at it later if you like the video
please subscribe I'm till then have a
good night see you